---
date: "2021-02-04"
title: About
---

My name is Ruzica Gajic and I'm an analyst working at [**Sveriges Riksbank**](https://www.riksbank.se/en-gb/), the central bank of Sweden. Prior to that I was the first employee of a start-up hedge fund as a portfolio manager for 5 years (mainly SEK corporate bonds but also OTC derivatives on equity indices). I'm an econ major but I've also studied a lot of statistics. Throughout my career I have worked with data in various quantities and forms, always with the aim to add value in my daily work with insights it could bring. Starting October 2020 I have taken my interest in what is nowdays called "Data Science" or "Data Engineering" to the next level and am currently working towards a certification as a Data Scientist with the aim to improve my data presentation skills as well as to take my analytic skills deeper into machine learning as well as entering the interesting world of deep learning. 

This is my personal blog about Data Science, R, Python and everything around it. Needless to say, opinions, analysis and conclusions are my own and no one elses. With this blog I want to acheive two things. First, I want to keep my newly acquired skills fresh and dig deeper into areas of interest. Hence, I will be posting approximatly every fortnight about a topic I want to learn more about or that I find interesting in some way. Second, I want to have fun :) I love what I do and I'm a curious person and keen learner by nature, so keeping myself challenged intellectually is something I enjoy (to a certain extent of course, I also have a family and friends that I love to spend time with).

I would like to ask you for a big favour. Please do not e-mail me asking for any files, code etc. I have shared as much material as I am willing to share in my posts. It is my intention that all details needed to carry out the analysis or implement the models I discuss are included in the posts. I intend to leave proper references to data sources and websites that provided guidance etc. Of course, if you spot inaccuracies or are missing a reference to a source (broken link etc) please let me know. Otherwise I advise you to read again and try and keep trying. Google the problem and I am sure you will find similiar solutions online. 

The posts you’ll find here will mostly be in English, however Swedish or Spanish might occur. Feel free to contact me by [**LinkedIn**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ruzica-gajic/).

This blog was created using the R [**blogdown**](https://github.com/rstudio/blogdown) package. The theme was forked from [@LukasJoswiak/etch](https://github.com/LukasJoswiak/etch) and later modified by me to better suit my needs.